Adds `assetId` option to `retentionlabel ensure` commands, Closes #4387 (#4524)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/file/file-retentionlabel-ensure.md

Applies a retention label to a file based on the label name and the fileId

```sh
m365 spo file retentionlabel ensure --webUrl https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x --fileId '26541f96-017c-4189-a604-599e083533b8' --name 'Some label'
```

> Applies a event-based retention label to a file based on the label name, the fileId and the asset id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applies a event-based retention label to a file and updates the Asset Id field
```
